#### Effective Date: 16-10-2019

The terms and conditions ("Terms and Conditions") in this document ("Agreement") describe and stipulate the provisions which govern and regulate the legal relationship between UAB Superbiuras ("We" or "Snackbox") as provider of the Service and you as user of the Service ("you" or "user").

You should read these Terms and Conditions carefully and should not accept these Terms and Conditions or register for, access or use the Services (collectively as "Use" of the Service) unless you agree to the Terms and Conditions.

Your use of the Service is subject to Snackbox’s privacy policy, located at www.snackbox.lt and applicable Privacy Notice ("Privacy Policy"), which is hereby incorporated by this reference, and other policies that Snackbox may adopt from time to time.

Snackbox may modify this Agreement from time to time. If we change this Agreement, we will update the Effective Date listed above. If you continue to access or use the Service after such modification, you will be deemed to have read, understood and unconditionally agreed to such changes.

You may not use the Service if you are a (a) person who is not of legal age to form a binding contract with Snackbox or (b) person who is barred from receiving the Service under the laws of any country including the country in which you are a resident or from which you are using the Service.

## 1. The Service

*1.1*  The Service is provided to you by Snackbox.

*1.2*  The Service consists of making available the Fridge App ("App") and access to a commercial fridge ("Fridge"), containing (fresh) food, drinks, snacks and other products ("Products") supplied by us. By means of our technical solution the App and the Fridge record and process orders for Products purchased by you from us ("Service").

*1.3*  For all Products purchased you directly contract with us. The Products are supplied and directly sold by us. In relation to the Products the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of our Products are applicable and which can be found at www.snackbox.lt.

*1.4*  When you access the Service, you may be asked to create an account and provide certain information including, without limitation, a valid email address. You acknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for the form, content and accuracy of any content placed by you on the Service. Use of the Service will require your devices to have access or connection via mobile  network or Internet (fees may apply), and may require updates or upgrades from time to time.  You agree that we may automatically download and install updates onto your device from time to  time. Because use of the Service involves hardware, software, and Internet access, your ability  to use the Service may be affected by the reliability and performance of such system requirements. You acknowledge and agree that such system requirements, which may be  changed from time to time, are your responsibility. You also acknowledge that the Service will  not be available in all countries or on all devices, and may be subject to restrictions imposed by  your network carrier or Internet provider. You are solely responsible for any charges incurred  from your network provider related to the use of the Service.

*1.5*  The Services are provided only for your personal, noncommercial use. Subject to the terms  and conditions of this Agreement, Snackbox hereby grants you, and you accept, a limited,  personal, nonexclusive, nontransferable and revocable right to use the Service only as  authorized in this Agreement and in any applicable separate terms from Snackbox. Access to the  Services is licensed, not sold to you. All references to the Services include all related content,  such as video, music, text, pictures, graphics, user interfaces, scripts and software used to  implement and provide access to the Service, and any updates, upgrades, enhancements,  modifications, revisions or additions to the Services made available by Snackbox. However,  Snackbox is under no obligation to provide any updates, upgrades, enhancements,  modifications, revisions or additions to the Service.

*1.6*  You must not access or attempt to access the Service other than through the interface for the Service made available by Snackbox. Without limiting the foregoing, you must not access or attempt to access any of the Service through any automated means, including scripts or web crawlers.
                           
*1.7*  You may not interfere or attempt to interfere with the operation or use of the Service by others in any way through any means or device, including but not limited to spamming, hacking, uploading computer viruses or time bombs, or any other means. You may not, using the Service, collect or harvest personal information, including but not limited to account names and contact information. You may not impersonate or pretend to be anyone else but you, including without limitation, by creating fraudulent or spoof accounts, or using someone else’s image without their consent.

*1.8*  You agree to comply with all instructions made available to you in connection with the Service.

*1.9*  You may not use the Service for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement.

*1.10*  Your Account. If registration information is required, you agree to provide accurate, current and complete information required to register with the Service and/or at any other time as may be required in the course of using the Service. You further agree to maintain and update your registration information as required to keep it accurate, current and complete. Without in any way limiting or abrogating the Privacy Policy, you agree that Snackox may store and use the registration information and any other content or material you provide for use in maintaining your account and providing the Service. You are solely responsible for any activity that occurs on your account, for providing and maintaining accurate registration information and for maintaining the confidentiality of your password. If there has been an unauthorized use of your password or account, please notify us immediately. You agree that you have no ownership or other property interest in your account, and that all rights in and to the accounts are and shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of Snackbox.

*1.11*  Third Party Services. Use of the Service may include or link to services provided by a third party service provider ("Third Party Services"). Your use of Third Party Services shall be solely between you and the third party, and subject to the applicable terms and conditions from such third party. Snackbox hereby disclaims all responsibility and liability for your use of Third Party Services, including but not limited to the reliability or the performance of Third Party Services. Snackbox does not endorse any Third Party Services or any advertising, products or other materials on or available via Third Party Services. You purchase and use Third Party Services at your own risk.

*1.12*  Right To Modify, Suspend or Discontinue Service. Snackbox reserves the right to change the Service without notice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Snackbox reserve the right to modify, suspend, remove or disable your access to the Service or content, or discontinue the Service, in whole or in part, at any time without notice for any reason, and in no event shall Snackbox be liable for any claims, costs or damages caused by or arising out of such actions.

## 2. Payment

*2.1*  Snackbox may make available to you various electronic payment methods, such as credit card, or other (local) payment methods, to facilitate the purchase of the Products with Snackbox payment service. We will be the seller of the Products you purchase. When you purchase Products with the Snackbox payment service, you agree to abide by all applicable terms and conditions governing such electronic transaction whether such terms are included in an agreement with Snackbox, the provider of such content, product or services, any provider of the means to conduct an electronic payment transaction, and your credit card company and your financial institution. Snackbox reserves the right to add or remove payment methods at its sole discretion and possibly without notice to you.

*2.2*  When you make a purchase with Snackbox payment service, your total price will include applicable sales tax. Note that prices on our website may provide for prices excluding applicable sales taxes as we may primarily do business to business transactions.

*2.3*  To utilize Snackbox payment service, you will need to have an Account. If you don’t have one already, you can download the App in the App Store or Android Store and sign up. You are responsible for providing accurate payment information and the full payment of your purchases. By using Snackbox payment service, you authorize Snackbox to charge your credit card or another selected payment method for your purchases. Using the Snackbox Account your credit card or another selected payment method may be pre-authorized, before making the actual purchase. If you want to change your payment information, you may do so any time at the "Payments" section within the Account. There may be a temporary disruption of your access to the Snackbox payment service until the validity of the new payment information is verified. Snackbox makes use of a payment service provider and as such does not store your actual credit card information or payment account log-in information.

*2.4*  Please note that the prices and currency charged for products from us may vary depending on your location. Prices charged for Products may change at any time, and Snackbox payment service does not provide price protection or refunds in the event of a price reduction or promotional offering.

## 3. Content

*3.1*  Snackbox is not responsible for any content you may access as part of or via your use of the Services (including audio and sound files, data files, images, graphics, animation, music, photographs, software, videos and written text) that were created by or are owned by a third party ("Third Party Content"), including advertisements, messages, or other sponsored content. Any responsibility or liability for any Third Party Content shall remain solely with the creator, owner, or licensee of such Third Party Content and not with Snackbox whatsoever.

*3.2*  You acknowledge and agree that Third Party Content is protected by the proprietary and intellectual property rights of the creator, owner and licensee of such Third Party Content. You must not modify, reverse-engineer, copy, rent, lease, loan, sell, resell, re-transmit, distribute, trade, publicly display or create derivative works of any Third Party Content, either in whole or in part, without obtaining a license from such creator, owner or licensee.

*3.3*  Snackbox does not endorse, promote, support, verify, or monitor any content submitted to the Service, or any opinion, recommendation, action, or advice provided in such content. Content descriptions, visualization and other details of the products, if provided, are provided for convenience purposes only, and you acknowledge and agree that Snackbox does not guarantee their accuracy. Snackbox reserves the right to remove content without prior notice and for any reason in our sole discretion. Snackbox may, but have no obligation to monitor your use of the Service, your accounts, content, and communications that we determine in our sole discretion violates this Agreement. Snackbox reserves the right to gather data on Service usage including license key numbers, and other information deemed relevant, to ensure that the Service is being used in accordance with this Agreement. Any unauthorized use shall be considered by Snackbox to be a violation of this Agreement. Snackbox reserves the right to remedy violations immediately upon discovery, by charging the then current list price of unauthorized keys or access to the Service to the credit card or wireless carrier account used to make the original, authorized purchase, or by any other means necessary. You agree not to block, electronically or otherwise, the transmission of data required for compliance with this Agreement. Any blocking of data required for compliance under this Agreement is considered to be violation of this Agreement and may result in immediate termination of your right to use the Service. We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to monitor or become involved in disputes between you and other users.

*3.4*  You acknowledge and agree that, by using the Services, you may be exposed to Third Party Content that you may find offensive, indecent or objectionable and that, in that respect, you agree to use the Services at your own risk. Snackbox shall have no liability to you for content that may be offensive, indecent, explicit, adult-oriented, or objectionable.

*3.5*  Infringing Content. It is our policy to respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement. For notice of copyright infringement we can be reached at:

Legal affairs  
UAB Superbiuras  
+370 610 43103  
Email: info@snackbox.lt  

## 4. Snackbox’s Proprietary Rights

*4.1*  You acknowledge that the Service is proprietary to Snackbox and its licensors, and protected under applicable copyright, patent, trademark and trade secret laws. You acknowledge and agree that Snackbox (or Snackbox’s licensors) owns all legal right, title and interest in and to the Services, including all intellectual property rights (existing anywhere in the world and whether registered or not) which subsist in the Services. This Agreement does not grant you any ownership interest in or to the Service, but only a limited license to use that is revocable in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not claim ownership of any pictures or content that you may post or submit on the Service. You represent and warrant that you have secured (and are able to produce proof in writing) of any and all rights necessary and appropriate to submit the pictures and content on the Service, including all necessary releases. Nothing in these Terms gives you a right to reproduce, copy, imitate, distribute, sell, broadcast, license, or otherwise use any of Snackbox’s trademarks, logos, domain names, and other distinctive brand features in whole or in part.

*4.2*  You must not remove, obscure, or alter any proprietary rights (including copyright and trade mark notices) which are affixed to or contained within the Services.

## 5. Advertisements

The Services or a part thereof may display advertisements and promotions and may be supported by advertising revenue. Such advertisements and promotions may be targeted to you based on information you may make available through the Services and through queries made by third parties in connection with your use of the Services.

## 6. Term and Termination of this Agreement

*6.1*  This Agreement is effective upon your acceptance of the Agreement, or upon your downloading, accessing or otherwise using the Service. The Service has no predetermined termination date and may continue until such time as Snackbox decides to terminate the Service or when this Agreement is terminated consistent with the terms herein.

*6.2*  If you fail, or Snackbox reasonably suspects that you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of this Agreement, without limiting Snackbox’s other rights and remedies, all of which are expressly reserved, at its sole discretion and without notice to you, Snackbox may immediately discontinue your access to the Service and terminate this Agreement.

## 7. Indemnification

You will indemnify, release and hold harmless Snackbox, its parent, subsidiaries and Affiliates, and all officers, directors, agents and employees thereof, and any party acting on Snackbod’s behalf, from and against any and all third party claims, actions, liabilities, losses, damages, judgments, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees arising out of (i) any use of the Service by you or by any person that you allow to use the Service that is not in accordance to the terms of this Agreement, (ii) any breach of this Agreement by you or by any person that you allow to use the Service or (iii) any violation of any laws, regulations or the rights of any third party by you or by any person that you allow to use the Service.

## 8. Warranties Disclaimer

*8.1*  THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", "WHERE IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" AND WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. SNACKBOX, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS LICENSORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE SERVICES, AND SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIM ALL SUCH WARRANTIES, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.

*8.2*  WITHOUT LIMITING THE PREVIOUS DISCLAIMER, SNACKBOX, ITS AFFILIATES AND ITS LICENSORS DO NOT REPRESENT, WARRANT OR GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICES OR THE CONTENT THEREIN WILL (a) OPERATE IN AN UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE MANNER, (b) WILL ALWAYS BE AVAILABLE OR FREE FROM ALL HARMFUL COMPONENTS OR ERRORS (c) WILL BE SECURE OR IMMUNE (INCLUDING THE CONTENT DELIVERED TO YOU AND THE INFORMATION YOU PROVIDE) FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS, (d) WILL BE ACCURATE, COMPLETE, OR RELIABLE, (e) THAT THE QUALITY OF THE SERVICES WILL BE SATISFACTORY TO YOU, OR (f) THAT ERRORS OR DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.

*8.3*  YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT ANY MATERIAL DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SERVICES IS DONE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENCE(S) THAT RESULTS, INCLUDING ANY DAMAGE OR HARM CAUSED BY ANY VIRUS, SPYWARE, WORM OR MALWARE.

*8.4*  NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION (WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN) OBTAINED BY YOU FROM SNACKBOX ON OR VIA THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY OR CONDITION NOT EXPRESSLY STATED IN THE AGREEMENT.

## 9. Disclaimer of Certain Damages and Liabilities

*9.1*  TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL SNACKBOX, ITS AFFILIATES OR ITS LICENSOR BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS, EVEN IF SNACKBOX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS LIMITATION WILL APPLY REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER FRAUD, MISREPRESENTATION, BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, PERSONAL INJURY, PRODUCT LIABILITY, INFRINGEMENT OR ANY OTHER THEORY REGARDLESS OF WHETHER OR NOT SNACKBOX HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS MEANS THAT YOU HEREBY WAIVE ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, PUNITIVE DAMAGES OR LOST PROFITS FROM SNACKBOX AND ITS LICENSORS. THIS LIMITATION AND WAIVER ALSO APPLIES TO ANY CLAIMS YOU MAY BRING AGAINST ANY OTHER PARTY TO THE EXTENT THAT SNACKBOX WOULD BE REQUIRED TO INDEMNIFY THAT PARTY FOR SUCH CLAIM. WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF DATA, BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE SERVICE, OR FOR ANY CONTENT, VIDEO OR COMMUNICATIONS ON THE SERVICE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SAME, REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION OR BASIS OF ANY CLAIM. IF YOU HAVE A DISPUTE WITH US OR ARE DISSATISFIED WITH THE SERVICE, TERMINATION OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE IS YOUR SOLE REMEDY. WE HAVE NO OTHER OBLIGATION, LIABILITY, OR RESPONSIBILITY TO YOU.

*9.2*  WITHOUT LIMITING THE PREVIOUS DISCLAIMER YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT SNACKBOX IS PROTOTYPING THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS AND THAT YOU ARE PART OF A TEST PROJECT. YOU AGREE THAT THE USE OF THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. WHEN YOU DO NOT ACCEPT THE RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE USE OF THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS PROTOTYPE, TERMINATION OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS IS YOUR SOLE REMEDY. THE TOTAL LIABILITY OF SNACKBOX FOR ANY CLAIMS WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF, CONNECTED WITH OR RESULTING FROM THE MANUFACTURE, SALE, DELIVERY, REPLACEMENT OR USE OF THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS WHICH ARE PART OF THE TEST PROJECT SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE PRICE CHARGED FOR THE PRODUCTS OR PART THEREOF WHICH HAVE GIVEN RISE TO SUCH CLAIM. IN NO EVENT, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION IF THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS ARE NONCONFORMING, DEFECTIVE, INFRINGING, DELAYED, OR NOT DELIVERED, WILL SNACKBOX BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL, INDIRECT, OR OCNSEQUENTIAL DEMAGES, WHETHER UNDER A CONTRACT, TORT, WARRANTY, OR OTHER LEGAL THEORY. SNACKBOX DOES NOT UNDERTAKE ANY RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE CONSEQUENCES OF THE USE OF THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS IN COMBINATION WITH ANY OTHER DEFECTIVE OR SUBSTANDARD MATERIAL, SUBSTANCE OR PRODUCT. SNACKBOX SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY PERSONAL INJURY OR PROPERTY DAMAGES CAUSED BY THE SERVICE INCLUDING THE FRIDGE AND THE PRODUCTS OR PART THEREOF.

## 10. Privacy

Snackbox is committed to the protection of your privacy, including the information you share on the Service. You agree and acknowledge that you may be asked to provide certain personal information, such as your telephone number, user name, profile photos, and other personally identifiable information when you use the Service. The Service may also offer you the possibility to upload, send, submit or provide any other material or content which Snackbox may store on its servers. Snackbox may also share certain user information (such as name, address and email address, as well as information required for order management and inventory management) with its business partners and service providers to facilitate the use of the Service. The Privacy Policy governs how Snackbox collects and uses your information and information relating to your use of the Service. Snackbox may update the Privacy Policy from time to time, so please periodically review the Privacy Policy.

## 11. General Terms

*11.1*  Whenever the words "include", "includes" or "including" are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation", whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of like import.

*11.2*  The failure of Snackbox to enforce at any time any of the provisions of this Agreement, or the failure by Snackbox to require at any time performance by you of any of the provisions of this Agreement, shall in no way be construed to be a present or future waiver of such provisions, nor in any way affect the right of Snackbox to enforce such provision thereafter. The express waiver by Snackbox of any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall not constitute a waiver of any future obligation to comply with such provision, condition or requirement.

*11.3*  If any term or provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any judicial or administrative authority, such determination shall not affect the validity of enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement. The remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain in effect and shall be construed in accordance with its terms.
                            
*11.4*  Sections 1.4, 2, 5, 6 and 8 of this Agreement, and any other provision that by its nature should continue to be in effect, shall survive the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement, and shall remain valid and binding.
                            
*11.5*  The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

*11.6*  You acknowledge and agree that each Snackbox Affiliate shall be a third party beneficiary to this Agreement and shall be entitled to directly enforce, and rely upon, any provision of this Agreement which confers a benefit on (or rights in favor of) them. Subject to the foregoing, no other person shall be a third party beneficiary to this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, an Affiliate of Snackbox is any company, corporation, firm, partnership or other entity that controls Snackbox, is controlled by Snackbox or is under common control with Snackbox; the term "controls" and "controlled" meaning the ability to direct the management of the relevant entity.

*11.7*  You may not transfer or assign this Agreement or any of your rights to a third party.

*11.8*  Snackbox will not be liable or responsible for any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of any obligations under this Agreement that is caused by acts or events beyond Snackbox’s reasonable control.

*11.9*  This Agreement including all revisions and amendments thereto shall be governed by the laws of Lithuania without regard to its conflict of law principles. By using the Services, you unconditionally consent and agree that: (a) any claim, dispute or controversy (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) you may have against any Snackbox entity, the officers, directors, agents and employees of any Snackbox entity arising out of, relating to, or connected in any way with the Services or the determination of the scope or applicability of this clause, will be resolved exclusively by the courts of the Lithuania.

*11.10*  Third Party Sites. We may offer links or other materials on the Service which allow you to browse or be redirected to a third party’s website, such as a website of our Partners or a social networking platform. We are not associated with, endorsing, or responsible for the services, websites, or content of these third parties. If you have any questions about these other companies’ practices, you should review their terms of use and other policies.

*11.11*  You acknowledge and agree that any translation of this Agreement in a language other than English is provided for your convenience only. The English language version of this Agreement governs in the event of any contradiction between a translation and the English language version of this Agreement.