The Treat is a brand of Health Food Wall B.V. The Treat is the modern day solution for fast, convenient and healthy take-away meals. With the use of our innovative technology, it is possible to get a healthy meal within seconds. With the growing fast pace of life, people wish to eat better but can’t find the time to prepare healthy meals. We want to make the choice for a delicious meal faster and easier, leaving the customer with a good meal and more time.

Good food for us means being conscious about people’s health, the environment and animal welfare. We offer meals that are vegetarian, vegan or gluten-friendly, in a variety of flavors and combinations.  We use the term gluten-friendly for our meals that are prepared without gluten. Perfect for people who choose to eat less gluten or are sensitive. We handle our meals and products with great care, but can’t guarantee 100% gluten-free: this is why we use the term gluten-friendly on our meals. We also offer meals that are gluten-friendly ánd are free of animal products.

Our meals are prepared with the freshest products, no unnecessary conservatives and are made with love by our professional chefs. Designed by our dietitians, our meals are nutritious, filling and tasteful and packed with essential vitamins, minerals and nutrients. Besides our meals we offer Cold Pressed Juices by Superfoodguru, made from delicious organic fruits and vegetables. The juices are certified organic by SKAL and gluten free and are made without the use of any pasteurisation, HPP or freezing.  We are about your health and our world, so we use bio-degradable and FSC certified packaging only.